[DOCS-7210] Datadog administrator's guide (#24988)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_owners_guide/overview.md

{{< /whatsnext >}}

## Create a test environment

After a bit of training, start adding some of your own local conditions. Spend some time installing and experimenting with Datadog in a low-risk sandbox, to help familiarize yourself with the environment. The Datadog installation methods are useful for getting started, and it is always a critical activity for the Datadog service ownership team.  

### Configuring your test environment

#### In-App

The [Datadog UI][8] is also the best place to start when embarking on substantial deployments of the core products. The platform is full of easy to use configuration assistance, live data auto-parsers, contextual auto-suggestions, and many other tools for the admin. The Datadog UI provides the best resources for aiding in some of these tasks. 

A few examples are:

* [APM Service Setup][9]   
* [Log Pipelines][8]   
* [Monitor Templates][10] 

#### Host Agent Config Templates

The [Datadog Agent][2] is open-source and published in Github. This is a useful resource for viewing configuration templates and specifications. Also, there are tools for host Agent Fleet Automation. Here are a few examples:

> * [Agent Config Template][3]   

Reviewer: we now have an set of [example config files](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent/tree/main/examples) that could be helpful here

Author: added :)

---
title: Service Owners Guide

> description: Setup and implement Datadog as a Service owner to avoid pit-falls down the road

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: Setup and implement Datadog as a Service owner to avoid pitfalls down the road
```

further_reading:
- link: "/getting_started/support/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Getting Started with Datadog Support"
---

## Overview

> When planning any new software implementation, it's crucial to understand its capabilities, objectives, timelines, teams, and design pattern. Throughout the plan phase you will learn some Datadog basics, define your most important objectives, understand several best practices, and identify how to optimize your Datadog implementation. 

Reviewer 2: This overview feels out of place - it doesn't accurately describe the contents of this page. This page is kind of a getting started, really.

Author: I'll work on this, agree it should be "Getting Started"
